# Blockchain Lotto

This game has a player create and manage the lottery, while players upon a game starting have options to buy tickets, check the pot, and get the winning numbers for the lotto. 

## Creator
The creator will run ` python cli_creator.py` and input:
- private key for the account starting contract
- private key for beneficiary 

A contract address will then be generated, jot down that address to share with potential players

From here, the creator can check the pot, finalize the lotto, and generate the winning numbers
- generating the winning numbers requires the lotto to be finalized (recommended to wait for enough players to generate a suitable pot)

## Player
Once the creator has deployed the contract, the player will run `python cli_player.py` in bash.

Player will then input their private key and the address of the contract when prompted.

Player options will now appear in the following order

1. Buy Ticket Y/N

    <details>
    <summary>Y</summary>
    <br>
    Player gets option to choose 6 numbers (Y/N). Chosen numbers should be between 1 and 60. If player chooses not to choose numbers, 6 numbers will be randomly picked. Ticket numbers will be displayed afterwards. 
    </details>

    <details>
    <summary>N</summary>
    <br>
    Player gets option to check lotto pot (L) and check winning numbers (W). 
    The lotto pot will display the current pot value. 
    Winning numbers will show only if the lotto has been finalized and winning numbers have been generated by the creator. 
    </details>    

